Grand Master Chong Woong Kim
Grand Master Chong Woong Kim, PhD (9th Dan), is an international instructor and one of the highest-ranking proponents of Taekwondo in the United States. Grand Master Kim has devoted himself to training and teaching Taekwondo for over sixty years. Due to his high rank and qualifications, he was recognized as an international grandmaster instructor by Kukkiwon in Seoul, Korea.
Grandmaster Kim earned his First Degree Black Belt in Korea at the age of 14. He subsequently taught Taekwondo throughout high school, college, and military school, and later served as an officer in the Korean Army. He came to the United States in 1968 as a Master Instructor, initially teaching at Miami University in Oxford, Ohio, and for the United Taekwondo Association of Columbus, Ohio, before teaching at Rider University in New Jersey. In 1977, he moved to Huntington, West Virginia, to become an Assistant Professor at Marshall University, where he founded the Marshall University Taekwondo Club. In 1984, he opened his main school at 801 Washington Avenue in Huntington, West Virginia. The school was relocated to its current location at 2640 Fifth Avenue in the summer of 1986.
On May 22, 1983, WSAZ-TV (Channel 3) profiled Dr. Kim and his work in the martial arts on the program “Inside Look.” He served as a special advisor to the President of the United States Taekwondo Union (U.S.T.U.), which is a National Governing Body in the United States Olympic Committee, for six years (1986–1992). He also served as President of the West Virginia Taekwondo Association, team manager for the U.S. team during the 1995 Olympic Festival, chairperson of the U.S.T.U. Membership and Credential Committee, and as a national Vice President for the United States Taekwondo Grandmaster Society (USTGS, 2012–2018). Additionally, he chaired the Selection Committee for the USTGS Hall of Fame awards from 2008 to 2019.
In June 1984, he received the Americanism Medal from the National Society of the Daughters of the American Revolution. He also received a citation from Dr. Un Young Kim, President of the World Taekwondo Federation, for his outstanding contribution and promotion of Taekwondo in December 1988. Among his many accolades, he received the Distinguished Service Award (2003) and Hall of Fame Award (2012) from Marshall University. In 2012, he was honored with the West Virginia Citizen’s Award by the Governor of West Virginia and was inducted into the U.S. Grand Master Society Hall of Fame for Outstanding Leadership. He also served as an elder of the First Presbyterian Church in Huntington.
